Wow.
Old Ha, old Ha.
What are you doing?
I didn't know he was running that fast.
The young man is just a little missing.
Yes, yes, yes, just a little bit missing.
What's wrong? No one's sleeping.
You're dead.
We're all sent to work eating bananas like that.
Look, I'm not going to put you in watermelon.
It's like potatoes.
From this day forward, we will eliminate Ye Chen.
From now on, those who are related to Ye Chen, we will be the enemy of the army.
Young Master Road today
The poor remember in their hearts.
Then you have to find me again.
Effective
Same with the song.
We all owe Sugar a favor.
The future will grow.
You're too much.
I just do small things.
Hang teeth
Then you can go and rest first.
Goodbye.
Okay.
Tang Yu, are you okay?
How's your father?
It's not true, this makes me extremely smart, wants to frighten me, looks at this state of licking my dog.
I didn't care about my family that year.
How did you come here today?
My father said it's harder to kill chickens.
Someone has arranged to take him home to rest.
If it wasn't for you today, we would have fallen into the trap of the little man.
This is the reward promised to you earlier.
Please can accept it.